Team Project #1
	Our team began by finding repetition to our code. We broke down repeated phrases in the song, marking each with a number to
	indicate the phrase. There were 4 repeated static methods, which were delegated among members to be written. The team decided 
	these methods would be named after the number assigned to them (ie. One, two, three, four). While the methods were written the
	team lead wrote the main program, calling the static methods as appropriate. These methods were then posted to our team forum and 
	copy and pasted into the bottom of the code. Upon compiling here, our code ran. However, Cheyenne noticed there were some more 
	specific instructions, to call each verse as a method. The code was quickly edited to align with these standards by the team lead,
	while Ella created a Github for our group. We hadn’t liked the CANVAS system for sharing code and wanted to alter our future 
	processes for group collaboration. The final code was posted to the Team Project Github for editing and team contribution.
	
	What the group that I am working in did was that we broke down the project and, individually worked on a smaller portion of the
	project. Once everyone completed their portion, one person pieced all the code together and then we discussed if we liked the 
	outcome of not. Personally, I joined the project late therefore my role was mostly understanding the inner working of the code 
	and the helping creating the main method. The way we accomplished our goals is by communicating were each of us were in the 
	projected and if anyone had questions we would discuss it all together. (Kat Chubarova)
	
Cheyenne Kosse
Reflection
	I thought this project was easy to do. We worked well together as a group and were able to finish it quickly. First, I read through the song and looked for repeating lines. I noticed that the last verse of the line had repeating lines from the past verses. I labeled which lines repeated as one, two, three, and four. Then Lee gave each person in our group a repeating line to make a method for. I did the repeating line, “"I added a main method with its String[] args,”. Then I copy and pasted my part of the code into a discussion we made on our project team page on Canvas. After Lee put it all together, I helped to make sure that our solution matched the instructions given. I feel like we may have made Lee do too much of the work and we could have split it up even more efficiently. In the future, we could maybe outline what we need to do together and break it down together. Then pick parts that seem more even to code separately.












Abdalrahman Shaath
At the beginning of the project, the team leader assigned roles to each member.
We first started by organizing each person to write a method correlating to a repeating part of the song. 
Writing the code itself was easy, and if I had a question, my team members would help. After each member finished their method, we submitted it on the canvas group. 
Then it was combined into the one project. We then posted the final project on GitHub so that we can make some edits.
